good youtube visitors today les
I bring a new video tutorial for
learn to download a very good game
which is called pepsi man
the link is going to leave them in the
description of the video indicate everything
we enter the link in the browser this
It is the link
we will give it in tone
next
and start downloading
as they see delay very few seconds 30
seconds is just not going to happen for that
not long ago
well the game has very great
playability this play 1 I hope that you
like after you have downloaded
we go to the place where it was downloaded
we go to the place where I download
we looked for it
we point the file back
this is the web file
we give you right click
let's see extract the sea pepsi
We will leave this
We will double click on this folder and
here it is
but some voices let's see how it is
many have played
that's the egg
and
good
new
but that you like it until then
subscribe I commented